https://developer.mozilla.org/en/using_audio_and_video_in_firefox

Media events

Various events are sent when handling media:
Event name 	Description
abort 	Sent when playback is aborted; for example, if the media is playing and is restarted from the beginning, this event is sent.
canplay 	Sent when enough data is available that the media can be played, at least for a couple of frames.  This corresponds to the CAN_PLAY readyState.
canplaythrough 	Sent when the ready state changes to CAN_PLAY_THROUGH, indicating that the entire media can be played without interruption, assuming the download rate remains at least at the current level.
canshowcurrentframe 	The current frame has loaded and can be presented.  This corresponds to the CAN_SHOW_CURRENT_FRAME readyState.
dataunavailable 	Sent when the ready state changes to DATA_UNAVAILABLE.
durationchange 	The metadata has loaded or changed, indicating a change in duration of the media.  This is sent, for example, when the media has loaded enough that the duration is known.
emptied 	The media has become empty; for example, this event is sent if the media has already been loaded (or partially loaded), and the load() method is called to reload it.
empty 	Sent when an error occurs and the media is empty.
ended 	Sent when playback completes.
error 	Sent when an error occurs.  The element's error attribute contains more information.
loadeddata 	The first frame of the media has finished loading.
loadedmetadata 	The media's metadata has finished loading; all attributes now contain as much useful information as they're going to.
loadstart 	Sent when loading of the media begins.
pause 	Sent when playback is paused.
play 	Sent when playback starts or resumes.
progress 	

Sent periodically to inform interested parties of progress downloading the media. The progress event has three attributes:

lengthComputable
    true if the total size of the media file is known, otherwise false.
loaded
    The number of bytes of the media file that have been received so far.
total
    The total number of bytes in the media file.

ratechange 	Sent when the playback speed changes.
seeked 	Sent when a seek operation completes.
seeking 	Sent when a seek operation begins.
suspend Requires Gecko 1.9.2 	Sent when loading of the media is suspended; this may happen either because the download has completed or because it has been paused for any other reason.
timeupdate 	The time indicated by the element's currentTime attribute has changed.
volumechange 	Sent when the audio volume changes (both when the volume is set and when the muted attribute is changed).
waiting 	Sent when the requested operation (such as playback) is delayed pending the completion of another operation (such as a seek).